1. a)
		1. The buildings have flat roofs with "toupees"
		2. The walls taper upwards, as is traditional in the region. 
	b) They are used to heat the house, by preventing outside air from entering. 
	c) "Better be Mr.late than the late Mr" aims to state that it's ok to be known as someone who arrives late to events(Mr. late) than someone who died while trying to arrive on time(the late Mr). 
	d) i) The writer is suprised since Ladakh is quite far from civilization, and wonders why the government would spend so much money on equipment and materials to build roads in an area with little to no economic value. 
		ii) The road is well-maintained due to the presence of the army, who wishes to have a decent road to quickly and easily transport soldiers and equipment in case of an invasion by an opposing country. 
	e) i) The stupas are places where buddhist monks' remains are placed after their death. 
		ii) The writer thinks about the stupas's construction, reflecting on the basis for their unique shape and size. In addition, the writer notices that the buildings are being taken of, as some sport a new coat of paint. 
	f) The writer refers to the fact that Ladakh is situated on the old Silk Road, a location that made it a trading powerhouse, bringing wealth into the area.

	g) i) phrase: 1 
			meaning: the palace takes up a lot of space 
			phrase: 2 
			meaning: low-tech indicates that the people of Leh haven't gotten to the internet/smartphone age, and city life continues as it would've a few decades ago, people communicating with each other without any digital equipment acting as a barrier. 
			phrase: 3
			meaning: in this case, cultivation means crops, as denoted by 'slim green band' - farmers grew crops along the river. 
		ii)  Phrase: 1
			Explanation: Since the palace 'dominates' the center, it's clear that it takes up a lot of space, and is easily the largest structure in the area. 'Run-down' indicates that the palace hasn't housed royalty in many years, and has slowly degraded over time. 
			Phrase: 2
			Explanation: Since the streets are busy, it indicates that though Leh is in a remote area, it's still a hub of activity, and lots of business happens there. "In a low-tech way" shows us that most of the people go about their lives without the assistance of modern technology, taking part in activities probably done by their ancestors as well. 
			Phrase: 3
			Explanation: This phrase shows us that the crop(as denoted by cultivation)is probably ready to be harvested, seeing as they're described as a 'green band'. We now know the residents of Ladakh live in harmony with nature, and the Earth prevails in the landscape of this small town/city.  
	
