November 5
Friday
Dear sir/ma'am, 
	I'm writing this letter to express my opinion on one of the most controversial topics our community has faced in recent years. After discussing the issue with my fellow citizens, I have come to the conclusion that the death penalty is an entirely valid and legal course of action in the judicial process. Here's why. 
	The main concern with the death penalty and execution in general is the fact that just killing someone off isn't 'humane'. While this may be true, one must consider whatever the criminal had done to get into jail in the first place. It goes without saying that the death penalty may only be used in extreme cases that don't really have any other solution. Therefore, things like murder truly deserve such a fate, as those people have done inhumane things to end up in such a position. These people have already been given a couple chances at life, and that's enough. 
	While talking with my neighbors, friends, and relatives, one of the most important things that came up was the safety. By recommending the death penalty as a suitable sentence, those who get executed will send a message to their 'fellow criminals', discouraging such criminal activity. It's evident that this would work - in Britain, execution was banned in 1964, and crimes like manslaughter and murder spiked to 833 a year in 2004. Keeping violence off the streets is something that politicans have constantly been talking about, but nobody has the gut to actually do anything. Permitting the death penalty is one of the first steps to making sure anybody can go anywhere and not be afraid for their lives. 
	There's another aspect as well - the legal system. It's a complex piece of work, but with a good lawyer, any criminal can walk out of jail in a couple years, even with a life sentence.It's already happened in Britain - life sentences meant 10 years in jail for 304 people.  It's possible they may go back to their old ways as well. The only way to put an end to this is death. 	Finally, the economic aspect must be thought of as well. In countries like the US, millions of taxpayer dollars are spent to keep prisoners fed and sheltered. That money could be used to feed the poor, shelter the homeless, increase the quality of public education, and fund many other activities that can benefit the community. Do we really need to spend so much on people who have done nothing for us? That's the real question. 
		However, there are many people who side against the death penalty. They claim that though criminals have done bad things, they're humans as well and should be treated as such. They also say that everyone deserves second chances, and that prisoners should be given help, not be executed. I'd say this is true to a certain extent - second chances are good, but many of the people targeted for such action are repeat offenders. Also, after someone kills multiple times, do they lose some of their humanity?
		In conclusion, I believe the death penalty is the way forward. It'll take some ground rules, a common understanding between all parties, and a lot of legislative work to get there. Hopefully, we can make this world a better place for everyone to live. 

Yours faithfully,
Jimi
